README: Add information about BlueOS (#257)
bluerobotics/ardusub-gitbook: quick-start/installing-companion.md

> > **Warning** If you are using BlueOS, please follow the [new documentation](https://blueos.cloud/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **Warning** ⚠️ The ArduSub Companion software is no longer being developed or supported. New projects and vehicles are recommended to use [BlueOS](https://blueos.cloud/docs/blueos/latest/) instead.
```

> > ⚠️ **Warning** ⚠️ The ArduSub Companion software is no longer being developed or supported. New projects and vehicles are recommended to use [BlueOS](https://blueos.cloud/docs/blueos/latest/) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **Warning** ⚠️ The ArduSub Companion software is no longer being developed or supported. New projects and vehicles are recommended to use [BlueOS](https://blueos.cloud/docs/blueos/latest/) instead.
```
```suggestion
> ⚠️ **Warning** ⚠️ The ArduSub Companion software is no longer being developed or supported. New projects and vehicles are recommended to use [BlueOS](https://blueos.cloud/docs/latest/) instead.
```
